feat(ui): add firebase_ui_auth and oauth providers (#9343)
firebase/flutterfire: packages/firebase_ui_auth/doc/providers/email-link.md

    });
  }

  @override
  void onBeforeProvidersForEmailFetch() {
    setState(() {
      child = CircularProgressIndicator();
    });
  }

  @override
  void onBeforeSignIn() {
    setState(() {
      child = CircularProgressIndicator();
    });
  }

  @override
  void onCanceled() {
    setState(() {
      child = Text('Authenticated cancelled');
    });
  }

  @override
  void onCredentialLinked(AuthCredential credential) {
    Navigator.of(context).pushReplacementNamed('/profile');
  }

  @override
  void onDifferentProvidersFound(
      String email, List<String> providers, AuthCredential? credential) {
    showDifferentMethodSignInDialog(
      context: context,
      availableProviders: providers,
      providers: FirebaseUIAuth.providersFor(FirebaseAuth.instance.app),
    );
  }

  @override
  void onError(Object error) {
    try {
      // tries default recovery strategy
      defaultOnAuthError(provider, error);
    } catch (err) {
      setState(() {
        defaultOnAuthError(provider, error);
      });
    }
  }

  @override
  void onSignedIn(UserCredential credential) {
    Navigator.of(context).pushReplacementNamed('/profile');
  }
}
```

## Other topics

> - [EmaiAuthProvider](./email.md) - allows to register and sign in using email and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EmaiAuthProvider](./email.md) - allows registering and signing in using email and password.
```

- [Email verification](./email-verification.md)

> - [PhoneAuthProvider](./phone.md) - allows to register and sign in using a phone number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PhoneAuthProvider](./phone.md) - allows registering and signing in using a phone number
```
